#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding default
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 0
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Since the earliest simulations self-gravitating, gaseous disks the problem
 of stability of the gas in the disk has been a key issue 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "e.g.,"
key "lucy1977anumerical"

\end_inset

.
 One prominent example of this in astrophysical contexts is the so-called
 `angular-momentum catastrophe' 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "navarro1994accretion"

\end_inset

 in which the specific angular momentum of simulated disks is smaller than
 values observed in real galaxies by an order of magnitude- resulting in
 disks with sizes smaller than observations by a similar factor.
 Further, the gas in the simulated disks cools too quickly, causing it to
 spiral into the disk's center and form a bulge.
 However, not all disk galaxies contain a bulge.
 Clearly, then, the simulations are not faithfully representing the physical
 processes governing disk formation in nature.
 The currently accepted solution to this problem is the introduction of
 one or more feedback mechanisms which deposit energy into the gas, heating
 it, and preventing its aggregation in the disk's center.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One popular mechanism to drive this feedback is the accretion of gas onto
 a central black hole.
 These so-called active galactic nuclei (AGN) are believed to be important
 in the evolution of galaxies as a mechanism for quenching star formation
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
after "and references therein"
before "see"
key "hopkins2008acosmological"

\end_inset

.
 The presence of AGN in 
\begin_inset Formula $\sim3\%$
\end_inset

 of local galaxies at 
\begin_inset Formula $z\lesssim0.7$
\end_inset

 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "haggard2010thefield"

\end_inset

 with an increasing fraction at higher redshifts 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "martini2013thecluster"

\end_inset

 indicates that this mechanism may contribute a non-negligible source of
 energy for evolving galaxies.
 Additionally, the invocation of an AGN feedback mechanism has been shown
 to be necessary in order to recreate the present-day color-magnitude relation
 of massive red galaxies 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "springel2005blackholes"

\end_inset

.
 Thus, in order to understand galaxy evolution, it is important to understand
 the physics governing black hole accretion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The question then remains as to how we can tie properties of AGN in simulations
 back to observations to further constrain the physics of this feedback
 mechanism.
 Fortunately, there are distinctive signatures of AGN activity that can
 be used to probe for the presence of an accreting black hole.
 For example, relativistic jets emitting synchrotron radiation in the radio
 are a strong indicator of recent AGN activity 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "jones1974"

\end_inset

.
 Additionally, X-ray emission typically in excess 
\begin_inset Formula $\sim10^{42}\,{\rm ergs}\,{\rm s^{-1}}$
\end_inset

 stemming from inverse-Compton scattering of electrons in the corona around
 the accretion disk of the black hole provides a clear signpost of a strong
 source of ionizing energy.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
after "hereafter, M03"
key "merloni2003afundamental"

\end_inset

 investigate the properties of 
\begin_inset Formula $\sim100$
\end_inset

 local galaxies containing an AGN with compact emission in both the X-ray
 and radio and show that the radio luminosity is well correlated both with
 the mass of the central black hole and the galaxy's X-ray luminosity.
 In that work, M03 define a fundamental plane combining the two observational
 signatures (X-ray and radio luminosities) with the accretion flow onto
 the black hole.
 The existence of the fundamental plane suggests that the physical processes
 regulating the conversion of gas accreted onto the black hole into radiative
 energy could be universal across the entire scale of black hole masses.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Clearly, then, an important component of modern galaxy formation simulations
 is the correct implementation of AGN feedback.
 In this work, we test the accuracy of the AGN feedback mechanism in the
 state-of-the-art hydrodynamical cosmological simulation Illustris-2.
 Specifically, we aim to determine the fundamental plane of black hole activity
 using the mass and accretion rates in the simulation and compare against
 those measured in M03.
 From this analysis, we can begin to understand how well state-of-the-art
 simulations replicate the real physics of black hole accretion and AGN
 feedback in the universe to better understand the relationship between
 AGN and the evolution of their host galaxies.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This paper is structured as follows.
 In Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:illustris"

\end_inset

, we outline the implementation of the Illustris-2 simulations.
 Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:sample"

\end_inset

 discusses our sample of black holes extracted from Illustris-2.
 Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:analysis"

\end_inset

 we determine how the black holes in the Illustris-2 simulation coincide
 with the fundamental plane of M03.
 In Section
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:discussion"

\end_inset

 we discuss our results, and Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:conclusions"

\end_inset

 presents our final conclusions.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
